applications: nrf5340_audio: Create function for using test data in BCT (#18057)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/broadcast_config_tool/README.rst

> The following limitations apply to this sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
     This sample is meant to be used with maximum two BIG with four BIS streams each.
```

> * Maximum two BIG with four BIS streams each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

SD card setup
*************

> The sample supports pre-encoded LC3 data stored as LC3 files on an SD card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample can support pre-encoded LC3 data stored as LC3 files on an SD card.
```
If the SD card is not mandatory anymore, update also lines 15-18 of this document so that the SD card is not listed as a limitation but as an option.

> If an SD card is not inserted the system will default to sending dummy data for testing the broadcast server has correctly been configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an SD card is not inserted the system will default to sending dummy data. The purpose of the dummy data is to test that the broadcast source has been correctly configured.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using an SD card, the system defaults to sending dummy data.
The purpose of the dummy data is to test that the broadcast source has been correctly configured.
```

To test the Broadcast Configuration Tool sample, complete the following steps:

> 1. Insert the SD card loaded with the pre-encoded LC3 data, if using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are using an :ref:`SD card loaded with the pre-encoded LC3 data <broadcast_configuration_tool_configuration_sd>`, insert it into your development kit.
```
